# Trips sample

Items of note:

* The `SupportsMultipleInstances` attribute in the `Package.appxmanifest`
    specifies that the system should start a new instance of the application
    for each activation rather than reusing an existing instance.

* The function `CreateRootFrame` in `App.xaml.cs` uses the `ApplicationViewTitleBar`
    object to set its title bar colors. If running on a system with tabs,
    the same colors are used in the tab.

* Both the `MainPage.xaml.cs` and `TripPage.xaml.cs` create a `UserActivity`
    when the user visits the page. Applications can choose any string for
    their `activityId`. For simplicity,
    this sample app uses the URI path and query as the `activityId`.

* The sample uses the AdaptiveCards NuGet package to generate adaptive card JSON.
    You are welcome to use any JSON library (or no library at all!)
    to generate your adaptive cards.
    The `mainCard.json` file contains a copy of of the JSON for the
    adaptive card generated by `MainPage.xaml.cs`.

* The sample uses the `ApiInformation.IsEventPresent` and
    `ApiInformation.IsPropertyPresent` methods to determine whether
    functionality is present in the system.

* The `OnUserActivityRequested` method in the `TripPage.xaml.cs` file
    generates a user activity which represents the to-do item that the
    user is currently working on. The to-do item is encoded in the URI,
    and when the app is activated with that URI, the `OnActivated` method
    in `App.xaml.cs` first parses the URI to determine which page is being
    activated, and the `OnNavigatedTo` method in `TripPage.xaml.cs`
    parses the query portion of the URI to extract the trip and optional
    to-do item. Scrolling to the applicable to-do item is done in
    the `OnPageLoaded` method.

